Update usr_{41,50,51,52,toc}.{txt,jax} (#1118)
vim-jp/vimdoc-ja-working: en/usr_50.txt

The following command, for instance, defines a function that must have 1
argument (start) and can have up to 20 additional arguments: >

	def Show(start: string, ...items: list<string>)

The variable "items" will be a list in the function containing the extra
arguments.  You can use it like any list, for example: >

	def Show(start: string, ...items: list<string>)
	  echohl Title
	  echo "start is " .. start
	  echohl None
	  for index in range(len(items))
	    echon $"  Arg {index} is {items[index]}"
	  endfor
	  echo
	enddef

You can call it like this: >

	Show('Title', 'one', 'two', 'three')
<	start is Title  Arg 0 is one  Arg 1 is two  Arg 2 is three ~
	
This uses the `echohl` command to specify the highlighting used for the
following `echo` command.  `echohl None` stops it again.  The `echon` command
works like `echo`, but doesn't output a line break.

If you call it with one argument the "items" list will be empty.
`range(len(items))` returns a list with the indexes, what `for` loops over,
we'll explain that further down.

==============================================================================
*50.3*	Restoring the view

> Sometimes you want to make a change and go back to where the cursor was.
> Restoring the relative position would also be nice, so that the same line
> appears at the top of the window.
> 
> This example yanks the current line, puts it above the first line in the file
> and then restores the view: >
> 
> 	map ,p ma"aYHmbgg"aP`bzt`a
> 
> What this does: >
> 	ma"aYHmbgg"aP`bzt`a
> <	ma			set mark a at cursor position
> 	  "aY			yank current line into register a
> 	     Hmb		go to top line in window and set mark b there
> 		gg		go to first line in file
> 		  "aP		put the yanked line above it
> 		     `b		go back to top line in display
> 		       zt	position the text in the window as before
> 			 `a	go back to saved cursor position

Reviewer: 8cc5b559f70041361612b8a6a87922503b33baa6 で簡素な記述に変わっていますね。

```suggestion
Sometimes you want to jump around, make a change and then go back to the same
position and view.  For example to change something in the file header.  This
can be done with two functions: >

	var view = winsaveview()
	# Move around, make changes
	winrestview(view)
```
